add internal documentation (#26665)
nodejs/node: doc/internal/index.md

# Internal documentation of Node.js

## CLI

### Node.js options:

#### `--inspect-brk-node[=[host:]port]`

<!-- YAML
added: v7.6.0
-->

> Activate inspector on `host:port` and break at start of node script.

Reviewer: A more accurate description would be:

```suggestion
Activate inspector on `host:port` and break at start of the first internal
JavaScript script executed when the inspector is available.
```

# Internal documentation of Node.js

## CLI

### Node.js options:

#### `--inspect-brk-node[=[host:]port]`

<!-- YAML
added: v7.6.0
-->

Activate inspector on `host:port` and break at start of the first internal

> JavaScript script executed when the inspector is available.

Reviewer 2: Double script sounds redundant to me. Perhaps, JavaScript code?

Reviewer: `statement` is probably more accurate (it won't break on the first declaration).
